Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'm sorry.
I don't understand.
[speaking alien language]
Earthling...
Translating Interlac.
Now does the witness
understand?
Yes, Tribune. But I can only repeat
again what we have said all along.
The Justice League, that is,
my fellow defendants and myself,
never meant to attack Rimbor
or its inhabitants.
We are not conquerors, not criminals.
Our only interest is in peace.
Forgive us, Superman, if we,
who represent the Polygloture of Rimbor,
find that difficult
to swallow.
Nevertheless, it is the truth.
We had no control over our actions.
So, no control over
the destruction you caused,
the life forms you injured,
the terror you wrought,
the children you scarred emotionally,
the little flowers you...
Why does this trial continue? Surely
the bribes have changed hands by now.
Inexplicably, the defendants
have refused to pay.
These Earthlings
are savages.
...Levies and bribes due to this loss
of income which you brought about.
Exactly.
We were not in control.
In fact, as stated previously, we were
under the complete mental domination
of an Earth villain
named Vandal Savage.
Why would one savage
do that to another?
[sighs]
That's still unclear.
[all talking]
- Did you see this?
- It's all of the poet-watcher.
- It hardly proves that it's true.
- The Reach is on Earth.
At least someone is taking
control of that rogue planet.
But the Reach? Taking too much
influence throughout the galaxy.
[all talking at once]
Order! Order!
What does this mean?
What is the Reach?
Millennia ago
they were conquerors,
and it took the entire Green Lantern
Corps to check their advance.
That led to a treaty signed
with the Guardians of the Universe.
Now the Reach can only lay
claim to a world if invited.
But Earth has invited them.
No Lantern may go back there.
Ever.
I said order!
Hmm. If the Reach controls Earth and
exploits or expands its meta population,
does that not have long-term
implications for who rules the Galaxy?
[growls]
[gasp]
The Reach!
[all murmuring]
Season 2: Invasion
Episode 15: "War"
Sync & corrections: Reef
www.addic7ed.com
We've been tracking something
on long-range scanners.
It's on a direct course
for Earth.
It's about to pass in front of Rhea,
one of the moons of Saturn.
Not in front of Rhea,
behind it.
That thing, whatever
it is, is huge!
[siren]
Why would he come here,
and why now?
Open a subspace channel.
Attention. I am an ambassador
of the Reach
and claim the Earth as property
of the Reach under Guardian Treaty.
You are therefore breaching
Reach territory.
- Reverse course.
- Request denied.
It is because the Reach
is on Earth that I am here.
Now what?
Thank you for coming.
My scarab has accessed
the Reach's database
for intelligence
on the approaching threat.
It is called the Warworld.
A massive artificial satellite,
slightly smaller than Earth's Moon.
It is a mobile
doomsday weapon,
created millennia ago by an now
understandably extinct alien race.
It is self-powering
and self-sustaining,
thanks to an endless supply
of worker drones providing repair
and battle drones
providing security.
The Warworld was reactivated
by a crystal key, long thought lost,
yet somehow the
Warworld's current commander found it.
That commander, Mongul,
now sits at the Warworld's helm,
which receives and transmits
his every thought,
allowing him to control all
of the Warworld's functions...
Trajectory, weapons, and drones,
without moving a muscle.
Who is this Mongul?
Long ago, he was the sole
dictator of his home planet.
But he was ousted by another tyrant
and is determined to reclaim his throne.
So what does that
have to do with us?
Mongul has determined that
the surest way to take back his world
is to first conquer
the entire Galaxy.
One can only assume he now views Earth
as a threat to that plan,
And so he comes, with literally enough
firepower to destroy your world.
Ah, it's great. We're finally spending
a little quality time together.
Karen!
Sorry, I'm a little
preoccupied...
With the second moon
in the sky!
There's panic across the
country and around the world.
What NASA calls
"an encroaching planetary body"
is already having a gravitational
impact on the Earth.
Tides have altered,
and so-called mini tidal waves
have become commonplace.
The U.S. Weather Service is advising
the populace to stay off the water
and move inland
from the coastlines.
And it appears
this is only the beginning.
The Reach
and the United Nations
take this unprovoked and
aggressive threat very seriously.
Unfortunately, the Reach
only has this single ship,
designed for peaceful
exploration and diplomacy
and unequipped
with any weapons.
Nevertheless, we pledge solidarity
with the people of Earth.
The Reach will not
abandon you!
Attention Warworld, this is
Captain Atom of the Justice League,
representing
the planet Earth.
- We wish to open negotiations.
- But I am uninterested in negotiation.
The Earth under the Reach's thumb
is too dangerous for my long-term plans.
It must be destroyed.
And frankly, if you understood
what you were in for with the Reach,
you'd thank me for putting you out
of your collective misery, now.
[growls]
Not sure we're doing
much damage in the grand scheme.
But Rocket's protecting dr. Fate allow him
to maintain focus on safeguarding Earth.
And Captain Marvel, Green Beetle,
and I seem to have Mongul's attention.
Good.
Because the Team's
already inside.
Any sign of detection?
No. Blue Beetle's scarab was able
to bypass the Warworld's security.
Mongul doesn't know
they're inside... Yet.
Alpha Squad to Watchtower.
Green Beetle's schematics
are on the money, at least so far.
- We're en route to take down Mongul.
- No, commander, the threat ends.
Beta Squad is en route
to the key chamber.
We snag the crystal key
and the threat ends.
Gamma Squad is en route
to disable the Warworld's power core.
No power and the threat ends.
Delta Squad moving into position. Laying
down cover fire for surface forces...
Now.
How odd to be rooting
for the champions of Earth.
But everything depends
on their success.
No way out.
[screeching]
Oh!
Beetle to Watchtower.
We've been spotted!
The Warworld
knows we're here.
Fine with me.
I like the attention.
At least a big alien Death Moon
notices when I'm around.
Was that a slam on me,
in the middle of a mission?
Woman, when are you not
Raah!
A little warning
might have been nice.
- "Take cover."
- Nah. Come on, we're close.
- He is a big one.
- This is your attack force?
- I'm insulted.
- Learn to cope.
Uhh!
Unh!
Rrr!
Ooh!
Uhh!
Little Kryptonian.
So proud of your powers.
Did you truly believe yours was the only
race to come from a world with a Red Sun?
[grunts]
Uhh! Uhh! Unh!
Ahh.
[grunting]
Raah!
Rrr!
The novelty of this encounter
has officially worn off.
[yelps]
Naptop Ugly.
[hissing]
I like that.
It smells like... Victory.
Gaah!
Uhh! No!
Uhh!
[grunts]
Do you really not understand?
Uhh... Ohh...
Your deaths today in the
face of the Reach are a mercy.
My grand laser remitter would have ended
your world in a matter of minutes.
Another mercy.
But it seems the mercies of Mongul
are not appreciated.
So we will do this
the hard way,
and the Warworld will unleash
all its weapons upon the Earth.
You're welcome.
Earth's military leaders are mobilizing
all national air defense systems
against the assault
from the rogue satellite.
Here in the U.S., Homeland Security
is urging citizens
to remain calm and stay in your homes
rather than attempt evacuation.
There's nowhere for us to go.
Delta to Watchtower.
Bioship estimates that Fate,
the League, and Delta
are neutralizing 64% of the Warworld
saturation attack at the source.
But that's not
going to cut it.
Watchtower estimates that Earth's military
forces will neutralize a further 13%.
But a 23% saturation is enough to decimate
a hemisphere and spoil all Earth's meat.
Then, to protect
the Reach's investment,
mobilize the fleet.
We have sacrificed
two-thirds of our fleet
to successfully
safeguard the Earth,
for the time being...
Super-cycle's got our backs!
- Another lady I can count on.
- All right, I get it.
I'm a bad girlfriend.
Now quit pouting.
Who's poutin'?
I'm not poutin'!
- Let's just blow this place and go.
- Uh, we can't just "blow this place."
It would destroy all of Warworld
and take half of Earth with it.
We need to follow the plan
and shut the core down.
Well, thank you for explaining
the obvious to your idiot boyfriend.
Just deal with the science
and get it done.
What? I never said
you were...
Ohh! Never mind.
OK, here's hoping
Green Beetle knows his stuff.
Entering power core now.
Good luck, beautiful.
Beta to Watchtower.
We're in!
And there it is...
The key...
Uh, this could take a while.
[growls]
Uhh! There are too many failsafes built
into the core. The power keeps rerouting.
Well, then reroute it
somewhere useful.
Mal... I mean "Guardian."
You're a genius!
Oh, pests.
Aaahhh!
He's rocked! Take him!
Uhh!
[grunting]
Uhh-gaah!
Uhh!
Wondergirl, now!
Awoo!
All surface weapons have been silenced.
Is it over?
Mongul is down
and contained.
Nice work, Alpha!
I'd love to take credit,
but we didn't do it.
His whole machine stumbled,
I'm guessing with a little help.
I'll just take this
for safekeeping.
We have paid a price, but I believe
we've acquired value for the cost.
Great job, everyone.
Now rendezvous ASAP
so we can bring you home.
- Oh, do we rock?
- Girl, we rock!
- Was there ever any doubt?
- Not over here.
Hey, where's Alpha?
Trudging along with the big bad,
who must weigh like a metric ton.
We're just a couple minutes out.
I know we all did our part,
but, really, you saved the day.
You and that big, beautiful
brain of yours.
- Thanks. But it was your idea.
- I wouldn't call it an idea.
More like a desperate
cry for help.
Mal, you know I couldn't
have done it without you.
No, that's not true.
You would have found a way.
Karen, you are destined
for great things.
And I haven't wanted to admit it,
to admit you've just outgrown me.
But we can't hold on
to high school forever.
And I really am
so proud of you.
You know something?
You are an idiot.
And I'm an idiot, too.
I've been taking you
for granted,
when the thing is, knowing you're there
for me makes all the difference.
Mmm.
Wow.
How do I get that reward?
Mwah!
It's a start...
Well, the gang's all here.
Ohh!
Look out!
Now!
Blue, what are you doing?!
Uhh! Uh!
Uh... aah!
[groaning]
No...
Not again.
- Arsenal, no!
- I will not be taken again.
[alarm sounds]
[shouting]
Aah!
Aah! Aah!
- Aah! - Uhh!
- Grrr!
- Why..?
- Don't waste the oxygen, hermano.
There's very little
left in here.
Quite the value, indeed.
Sync & corrections: Reef
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org